Add `ERC7674` (draft) (#5071)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: contracts/token/ERC20/README.adoc

* {ERC20FlashMint}: token level support for flash loans through the minting and burning of ephemeral tokens (standardized as ERC-3156).
* {ERC20Votes}: support for voting and vote delegation.
* {ERC20Wrapper}: wrapper to create an ERC-20 backed by another ERC-20, with deposit and withdraw methods. Useful in conjunction with {ERC20Votes}.

> * {ERC20TemporaryApproval}: support for temporary allowances following ERC-7674.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {ERC20TemporaryApproval}: support for approvals lasting for only one transaction, as defined in ERC-7674
```
